The percentages are small...
51% - 48%
14 people are behind me
and are taking over other capsules
Thank you-thank you very much!
13 people decide to overthrow me
Damn, there are silly-Jacks everywhere
You see how the number of them has grown
Everyone whose numbers I call, stand up
37, 72, 53, 2, 33,
11, 31, 47, 49, 43,
54, 81, STAND UP, DAMMIT!
Take off your headphones, get out, the door is there, dammit
Get out of here, dammit!
ADMIN: Attention, the experiment is over
More precisely, the experiment has been
interrupted for technical reasons
Apparently, the capsules still need calibration
You can leave the capsule
and leave the headphones in the capsule
Please take a seat in the hall!
This is not an exercise right now,
but I hope this issue will be resolved soon
Thank you for your support!
Leave your headphones here and exit now
We will talk later...